s/mnemonicToBip39/mnemonicToLegacySeed/ (#699)
polkadot-js/common: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

### 3.6.0-beta.x

Changes:

> - Reanem `mneminicToBip39` to `mnemonicToLegacySeed` (uses in nn-Substrate compatible usecases)

Author: ```suggestion
- Rename `mnemonicToBip39` to `mnemonicToLegacySeed` (used in non-Substrate compatible fashion)
```
